README.md, before:

# Laravel Swagger Demo

This demonistrates how to integrate [Swagger](http://swagger.io/) into a Laravel project.

## :question: What is Swagger and why use it?

According [to their own blog post](http://swagger.io/getting-started-with-swagger-i-what-is-swagger/):

> Swagger is a set of rules (in other words, a specification) for a format **describing REST APIs**. The format is both machine-readable **and human-readable**. As a result, it can be used to **share documentation** among **product managers, testers and developers**, but can also be used by various tools to automate API-related processes.

It has been an ongoing constraint for API developers to communicate (let alone present) the features of an API-driven product to **internal & external stakeholders** (who most of the time **don't even know what APIs are**). Swagger provides a **intuitive web interface** where users of various disciplines, whether it be front-end, back-end, business development, and all those in between, can easily understand (and test) the features of an API-driven product.

## :books: Resources
- [Swagger annotation reference](https://gist.github.com/nostah/d610459d50564c729c56)
- [Doctrine Annotations reference](http://docs.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-orm/en/latest/reference/annotations-reference.html)

## :sweat_drops: TODO

### Sections
- [x] What is Swagger and why use it?
- [ ] Difference between generating Swagger docs on Laravel & Symfony.
- [ ] Good annotation practices.
- [ ] Where to place annotations.
- [ ] A working demo (deployed thru either Beanstalk or Forge).
- [ ] Examples of well-thought Swagger docs.

### Technical
- [ ] Annotation proper.
- [ ] Artisan commands.
- [ ] Laravel passport.
- [ ] A working demo (deployed thru either Beanstalk or Forge).

Commit message:

Add laravel package for adding Swagger

README.md, after:

# Laravel Swagger Demo

This demonistrates how to integrate [Swagger](http://swagger.io/) into a Laravel project.

## :question: What is Swagger and why use it?

According [to their own blog post](http://swagger.io/getting-started-with-swagger-i-what-is-swagger/):

> Swagger is a set of rules (in other words, a specification) for a format **describing REST APIs**. The format is both machine-readable **and human-readable**. As a result, it can be used to **share documentation** among **product managers, testers and developers**, but can also be used by various tools to automate API-related processes.

It has been an ongoing constraint for API developers to communicate (let alone present) the features of an API-driven product to **internal & external stakeholders** (who most of the time **don't even know what APIs are**). Swagger provides a **intuitive web interface** where users of various disciplines, whether it be front-end, back-end, business development, and all those in between, can easily understand (and test) the features of an API-driven product.

## :books: Resources
- [Swagger annotation reference](https://gist.github.com/nostah/d610459d50564c729c56)
- [Doctrine Annotations reference](http://docs.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-orm/en/latest/reference/annotations-reference.html)
- [DarkaOnLine/L5-Swagger - Laravel package for integrating Swagger](https://github.com/DarkaOnLine/L5-Swagger)

## :sweat_drops: TODO

### Sections
- [x] What is Swagger and why use it?
- [ ] Difference between generating Swagger docs on Laravel & Symfony.
- [ ] Good annotation practices.
- [ ] Where to place annotations.
- [ ] A working demo (deployed thru either Beanstalk or Forge).
- [ ] Examples of well-thought Swagger docs.

### Technical
- [ ] Annotation proper.
- [ ] Artisan commands.
- [ ] Laravel passport.
- [ ] A working demo (deployed thru either Beanstalk or Forge).
